fix readme info (#181)
bcgsc/physlr: README.md

conda install -c r r-rmarkdown
conda install -c conda-forge r-ggplot2
```
Additionally, we recommend using `pypy3` over regular python3 for speed. 
pypy v3 or `pypy3` is the default python executable for Physlr. To switch to other executables set the `python_executable` argument:
```
physlr [OPTION]... python_executable=python3
```
You can install pypy3 using conda:
```

> conda install -c conda-forge pypy3.8 # Change 3.8 to your conda envs python version (3.6 to 3.9 are supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda install -c conda-forge pypy3.8 # Change specified version based on your conda environment's python version (3.6 to 3.9 are supported)
```
Just a suggestion to make the comment a bit more clear
